tuned cars so you picked a look at this
fucking game look at this fucking shit
but I'm just look at this max I'm talk
Oh get all my little league games
starting what is that driver Todd Jerry
hahaha well tuned motherfucker check out
this babe she wants this fucking dick
but car wait that doesn't say fucking
even in shoes you what is the same
what's the line we did you lose hook so
fast it's fast and furious go to the
partners a storm this is scott copy then
why does my ping work cuz it was just
the sound totally out of the place
fuck you dad
our stars ever airtime one and a second
for falling through the wall
what the fuck oh my god
yeah nitro Oh what is this track
Mulholland Drive Oh God so I play
initial d here with less drifting oh
wait you can drift you've gotta know
this oh yes it does this is fucking dump
the officials oh oh my god it does all
right sort of guys know though if you if
you have your powerful fully to the side
that's the drift right there the car
slide look like a huge you should
propose yes it's the same style future
the Omega have to save us the same as
the cruising style dress where you turn
a little bit yes it does that's how you
draw Mary sixties those returning while
you went up and Josh no it's that much
riffing it's it that's not just hard
turn cuz that's a regular hand like that
if your card was completely sideways and
decided i like going sideways oh my god
i can't fucking place all hit the juice
this is such a stupid yo all right join
my game join you shall we fucked your
own fucking game man he'll join my own
fucking